then we turned and went up the road to
Beijing and algae Novation came out
against us he and all his people to
battle that Edward I and the Lord said
to me do not fear him for I have
delivered him and all his people and his
land into your hand you shall do to him
as you did to Zion
king of the amorite s' dwelt to Desmond
so the Lord our God also delivered into
our hands our king of Batian with all is
people and we attacked him until he had
no survivors remaining and we took all
his cities at that time there was not a
city which we did not take from them 60
cities all the region of argument the
kingdom of our invasion all these cities
were fortified with high walls gates and
bars besides a great many rural towns
and we utterly destroyed them as we did
sigh an Englishman utterly destroying
the men women and children of every city
but all the livestock and the spoil of
the cities we took his booty for
ourselves and at that time we took the
land from a hand of the two kings of the
amorite who are on this side of the
Jordan from the river arnon to Mount
Hermon
the sidonians call hurlan siren and the
amorite s-- call it senior all the
cities of the plain all Gilead and all
Batian as far as saga and EDI cities of
the kingdom of odd invasion or only our
king of Asian remain of the remnants of
the Giants indeed his bedstead was an
iron bedstead is it not in raava of the
people of Amun nine cubits is its length
and four cubits its width according to
the standard cubit and this land which
we possessed at that time from Aurora
which is by the river arnon and half the
mountains of Gilead and its cities I
gave to the ruler nights and the gadites
rest of gilead and all basin the kingdom
of OGG I gave to half the tribe of
manasseh all the region of our God with
all nation was called the land of the
Giants
Jerr the son of Manasseh took all the
region of Argyll as far as the border of
the gesture rights and the Myakka fates
and called Batian after his own name
Avis Jer to this day also I gave Gilead
to mahir and to the Reuben nights and
the gadites I gave from Gilead as far as
the river arnon the middle of the river
as the border as far as the river javac
the border of the people of Hammond the
plain also with the Jordan as the border
from kynareth as far as the east side of
the sea of the Aarav are salt sea below
the slopes of Pisgah then I commanded
you at that time saying the Lord your
God has given you this land to possess
all you men of valor shall cross over
armed before your brethren the children
of Israel but your wives your little
ones and your livestock I know that you
have much livestock shall stay in your
cities which I have given you until the
Lord has given rest your brethren as to
you and they also possess the land which
the Lord your God is giving them beyond
the Jordan then each of you may return
to his possession which I have given you
and I commanded Joshua at that time
saying your eyes have seen all that the
Lord your God has done to these two
kings so will the Lord do to all the
kingdoms through which you passed
you must not fear them for the Lord your
God Himself fights for you then I
pleaded with the Lord at that time
saying O Lord God you have begun to show
your servant your greatness and your
mighty and for what God is there in
heaven or on earth who can do anything
like your works and your mighty deeds I
pray let me cross over and see the good
land beyond the Jordan those pleasant
mountains and Lebanon but the Lord was
angry with me on your account and would
not listen to me so the Lord said to me
enough of that speak no more to me of
his mother to go up to the top of Pisgah
and lift your eyes toward the west the
north the south and the east behold it
with your eyes for you shall not cross
over this Jordan but command Joshua and
encourage him and strengthen him for he
shall go over before this people and he
shall cause them to inherit the land
which you will see
so we stayed in the valley opposite Beth
fioor
[Music]